# VendingMachineInventoryProject
SDEV 22010 Project. In Competency Exercises, you demonstrate your skill and ability to use the programming principles you've learned in the current and previous modules. You must complete this assignment by yourself, much like a module exam. You can ask instructors for clarification about the project -- you can not ask instructors or other students for help with logic or coding. If you are struggling with the project, you can look at previous assignments where you did similar work, and you can review the pertinent sections in the book.  These are the skills you practiced in this module and will now demonstrate:      Classes     Instantiating objects     Constructors     Class methods  Module 3 Competency Exercise: Vending Machine Inventory  In this exercise, you work with the inventory for the beverage vending machine in the Barlow building. Create a class for the inventory in the vending machine. Each inventory item has a name, a price, and a quantity. The class needs a constructor to instantiate each inventory item, a method to display the item with its price and quantity, and a method for receiving new stock which will add to the quantity for that inventory item. Make sure that all money values display correctly, with a dollar sign and 2 decimal places.  In the driver class, instantiate 3 inventory items with a price and quantity, then display that starting inventory for all items. For each of those items, ask the user how many are being delivered, and display the value of that quantity of that item, the cost for that delivery. After deliveries for all 3 items, display the inventory for all items. You may choose the items, price, and quantity. If you prefer, you can work with the vending machine for candy and snacks instead of beverages.
